content: Mention containerd 1.7 supports user namespaces (#40264)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/user-namespaces.md

* You need to be able to exec into pods
* Feature gate `UserNamespacesStatelessPodsSupport` need to be enabled.

> In addition, support is **needed** in the

Reviewer: I don't think this PR is the right place to add that emphasis, and I also don't think it's right to emphasize anyway. The word “needed” is already clear.

If we did make a change, I'd prefer it to align with the [style guide](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/) - eg, [use the active voice](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-active-voice) - and arrive in a separate PR.

> In addition, support is **needed** in the
> {{< glossary_tooltip text="container runtime" term_id="container-runtime" >}}
> to use this feature with Kubernetes stateless pods. You need to meet the
> requirements mentioned in the [concept page](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/user-namespaces/).
> A list of container runtimes the support user namespaces, and since which
> version they do, is shown there.

Reviewer: I'd write this:
```suggestion
The cluster that you're using **must** include at least one node that meets the
[requirements](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/user-namespaces/#before-you-begin)
for using user namespaces with Pods.

If you have a mixture of nodes and only some of the nodes provide user namespace support for
Pods, you also need to ensure that the user namespace Pods are
([scheduled](/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/) to suitable nodes.
```

Author: Fixed, thanks

Please note that **if your container runtime doesn't support user namespaces, the

> new `pod.spec` field will be silently ignored and the pod will be created without

Reviewer: :information_source: 
Aside: this ought to change for v1.27 (the field is no longer new, and it's also not `.pod.spec` in any JSON
query language), but this isn't the PR to fix it.

Author: what do you mean it is not in pod.spec in any json query language? Can you please elaborate how it is not there?

Reviewer: ```shell
# doesn't work
kubectl get pods/foo -o jsonpath='{pod.spec}'

# works
kubectl get pods/foo -o jsonpath='{.spec}'
```

Reviewer: In the API, `pod` (actually `pods`) is part of the URL, not part of the resource data.

Author: Opened a new PR for this, thanks: https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/40335

* You need to be able to exec into pods
* Feature gate `UserNamespacesStatelessPodsSupport` need to be enabled.

The cluster that you're using **must** include at least one node that meets the
[requirements](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/user-namespaces/#before-you-begin)
for using user namespaces with Pods.

If you have a mixture of nodes and only some of the nodes provide user namespace support for
Pods, you also need to ensure that the user namespace Pods are

> ([scheduled](/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/) to suitable nodes.

Reviewer: Oops, my typo:
```suggestion
[scheduled](/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/) to suitable nodes.
```

Author: Oh, great catch. Without the preview working I didn't realize :)
